I didn't expect my father and brother to be in the same way
So I don't have to hide anymore.
I slept on the floor.
Fight with me
Wenjie is me Zhang Zeming
You are so boring
Just a pair of pants for us to wear until the big friendship
You came to school and didn't tell me
Open the door!
Oops, it's Xu Wenjin's friend
Once recognized
Open the door!
Wenjing, what are you dawdling about?
Open the door, if you don't open the door, I'll stop by
What are you afraid of?
It's over hahaha
Sister Wen, long time no see
You've grown so tall
He is Xu Wenjie
Brother Zeming, long time no see
Haha, Sister Wen
8 years no see
You still look like a loser
There will be a cycling test tomorrow.
Are you so crazy?
Oh.
It turns out that I only knew each other when I was a child.
Worry about yourself.
I can definitely get through
Sister Wen, why do you seem like a different person?
No, why do you say that?
You used to get bored when you saw books
Dizzy when I hear the exam
How can you be so positive now?